fix: Update the config-drive guide in light of CCMP changes (#262)
citynetwork/docs: docs/howto/openstack/nova/config-drive.md

## Store metadata on a configuration drive

A **configuration drive** (config drive) is a read-only virtual drive
that gets attached to a server during boot. The server can then
mount the drive and read files from it. Configuration drives are used
as a data source for
[cloud-init](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

## Enable the configuration drive on server creation

> Follow our [How-To guide](new-server.md) to create your new cloud server

Reviewer: It's perfectly fine to cross-reference things like that, but if you do, then please also add a back-reference. In other words, insert a link in `new-server.md`, right above or below the `shot-08.png` screenshot, pointing readers to *this* guide in case they want to use config-drive.

using either the {{gui}} or the OpenStack CLI.

=== "{{gui}}"
    When you are done configuring the server, right before creating it
    notice the icon on the left-hand side of _Advanced Options_. Click on it
    to expand all related options.

    ![Expand advanced configuration options](assets/config-drive/shot-01.png)

    In the _User-Data_ area, you see everything that will be executed upon
    server boot.

    Right below, in the _User-data propagation method_ area, the _Use

>     metadata service (Default)_ option is preselected for you. To ignore
>     that and go for the alternative metadata discovery method, select _Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    metadata service (Default)_ option is preselected for you. To opt
    for the alternative metadata discovery method, select _Use
```

Author: Much better, yes.

    configuration drive_.

    ![Select the configuration drive method](assets/config-drive/shot-02.png)

    Then, instantiate the server by clicking the green _Create_ button.

    Once the server is ready, you may see what happened during configuration
    by examining the console log. In the {{gui}}, click on the server line
    to get an extended view of its characteristics, and then click once more
    on the _Console Output_ tab.

>     ![Watch the server console](assets/config-drive/shot-03.png)

Reviewer: Ending the page with that screenshot feels weird. It looks as there is an explanatory sentence missing after this.

Author: I can add a closing sentence there.

=== "OpenStack CLI"
    To enable the configuration drive, you need to pass the parameter
    `--use-config-drive` to the `openstack server create` command.

    In the following example, replace the image, flavor, keypair, and
    network reference, as well as the server name, to match your desired
    configuration.

    ```bash
    openstack server create \
      --use-config-drive \

>       --image "Ubuntu 20.04 Focal Fossa" \

Reviewer: While we're already touching this, we should fix this image reference to point to an "official", public image. 

Either:
```suggestion
      --image "Ubuntu 20.04 Focal Fossa x86_64" \
```
or:
```suggestion
      --image "Ubuntu 22.04 Jammy Jellyfish x86_64" \
```

Author: Yes, I am going with `Ubuntu 22.04 Jammy Jellyfish x86_64`.

using either the {{gui}} or the OpenStack CLI.

=== "{{gui}}"
    When you are done configuring the server, right before creating it
    notice the icon on the left-hand side of _Advanced Options_. Click on it
    to expand all related options.

    ![Expand advanced configuration options](assets/config-drive/shot-01.png)

    In the _User-Data_ area, you see everything that will be executed upon
    server boot.

    Right below, in the _User-data propagation method_ area, the _Use
    metadata service (Default)_ option is preselected for you. To opt for
    the alternative metadata discovery method, select _Use configuration
    drive_.

    ![Select the configuration drive method](assets/config-drive/shot-02.png)

    Then, instantiate the server by clicking the green _Create_ button.

    Once the server is ready, you may see what happened during configuration
    by examining the console log. In the {{gui}}, click on the server line
    to get an extended view of its characteristics, and then click once more
    on the _Console Output_ tab.

    ![Watch the server console](assets/config-drive/shot-03.png)

>     There will be quite a lot of text to sift through, but you can easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There might be quite a lot of text to sift through, but you can easily
```

Author: Better, yes.
